hello everyone is kiki punk and
we find ourselves for a step one of my
creations from elsewhere it's a creation
from dance to games so the creator of
the zephyr plane so one that had created
the plane before and did not have any
his subject and who made software of
someone in made a somone software
game since he did two and he took out
something that is close to what we have
done with bret to display a score in
top of the screen or whatever he did his
thanks is order so have I I
wanted to do that it seemed to me roll for
the abc when you have a dragon
noise
him he found a way that is
totally a beast but that's
totally logical
in addition it poses no problem of ram
or else it allows tea actually is
teleports the dragon andor in fact to
each time with each shame cycle and
will carry hinges to 10000 notepad mapfre
to gmail steam punk you can you tp to
10000 block in another direction
so every time talent in a world
finally complain the advantage of
the Andorran dragon is that the bar
appears anywhere you look
unlike the izards you have to
look at the viewfinder so I'm going to launch
the clock
that's it's spying an order is
come down as you see the blister
begins to go down from elsewhere it's
a blister 2 yeah that's all about
second but he did
there are very few bugs as you see
it sounds like euros answers here
I like distant and that the tp all the
every two seconds
there are some lags yet but would
rather it works pretty well
I think we will have to review the deadlines
but with good deadlines I think that
it's just perfect actually
besides something that I have to try
am I going to put out the blister I'm going to extinguish
first is the bailiff
I expect that's just for this one
tried after
but good tp order to the end i'm going to
put four types
for that we are well see it not for
it's time to see I'm going
rather put here that's so I'm you
explain right after what I'm going
do so we tp in black dragon do I
know a miss
pam since will see their tp you tp I
do not know so we're going to call it we're going
call it test a test an elected one will have to
to be called test the test 2
So here is a test toc nickel bah
therefore works a better way than his
system instead of putting a slap that
if you put in every fault of
orders the ops glottal so the first
blacks orders actually it's always
wanted already shown her in a video
and when we block we have a man tries
an order by France will be better
passive house but I try two and
three weeks when the round button
middle you have you see that it does
2 3 1
so the first I will resume as
I did in my videos make
diam's so the first one is 8 middle
after that it's the bottom one and he
god you so as you see it does
two three so that will always do that
was like that it was not
other
there is an order that is perfectly normal
but there is so if we put him in the middle
so he who is direct machine and who
is live fed in tp and after one
do this pony like they do not do it at the same time
time that's good control it's
just one thing had to test so that's it
I hope you enjoyed this video
by the way, just a test is 10
minutes
hop
I found 58
I'm fine I'll leave you Coy
nothing to this video this is
career following this video
if there is anything I will have
modified to besson his system for
improve it to the next and we get
finds
I finished so I made a counter 2
minutes 40 you'll see it I'm going to the
launch
so here is the minute that
long pass of aragon it is done
deport every time so how
I did this to him from the bottom tp name of a
dragon the idiot Orpheus knows one to
every time I removed two cravings for
that the bar duos drop and I colored
finally it's done the weather
staying so I had fun 26.5
points of 4,22 so my system I
would not say it's better
voila mail advantage is that I do
every second
and there is no problem sorry for
screen displays while there he
flashed on him two anthem daggers
here we are going to let the minute pass
rest you show yourself had fun
7 so I made a minute 40 for a minute.
reason the dragon agreement at 202 points
life finally heartless but like that in
2015 it's two bonds of life and if
we make a minute 40
it's equal to 100 seconds I took 100
seconds because it's easier
I had like that I finally divided them
I do at least two each time otherwise
must issue commas and all
excerpts you'll be was boring that I
go slightly lazy anyway
I may have created a filter for
do that I'm going to drink so there we see
although it's actually in orange
for thirty seconds all very
say
9 8 7 5 4 3 2 1
and then after they have so here is
I hope you enjoyed this video
we'll meet again next time
a new video at the next